Hello guys
I'll show you how to make a
hand-held damper to be used in a
bike that I did a front kind of leader
and found no shock absorbers in the
market that would serve this function
here is a shirt
the inside of a legacy that goes
be the two materials that I will make
two washers of the spring washer
You 're going to hold the ball underneath.
the cover also where it will be fixed oo
the shock holder is with your
is this here going to be used as the street was
inferior to the stem that after josi nothing
it will be done
this is a technician I'm going to use
to make the bump and the valves and here
the scraping cheetahs and the scratches
necessary for the preparation of a good
first of all I'll face the shirt of the
and now I'm going to make a thread
internal step of one millimeter in the recess
Here's where the thread is going to be
and here in the trauma to pears of the
with the ring to make the
essay
It really had to make faces.
sharp and jigsaw cone of faith and
good talent here the bottom of the
I did not face and I left a little
associated piece to serve as record
on the lid is to stay everything
aligned and here is cut 11 vizela
jen is at 45 degrees that will serve
I do is put the welding tig spread well
to write the buffer is a
grinding thread gauge of
rice tool here I am
placing it relative to the tool
talk about the tool exactly 60
degrees with respect to the workpiece
okay if you put the eye after the mother of
I also look for the search tool
internal
there you go you that the door is here
holding on free middle start
holding on again at the beginning begins to
do things right from the start
which did not banana turtle at the end
It was not the use of this, it's not just
to walk around here is also to do
tuning tool with the workpiece is
locks
That's because love.
I'm plant in capful to a ball
of cheetah cheetah and depression where
will hold the oil inside my
fan
now that I'm already going to the thread calibrated or
Facial in sewing put on gasket
put the scraper
everything is so bad, I think it is already
crossing is to not let the slack of a
tenth
no need to leave right, you do not need to have
a little flexibility
I was already under water there.
cheta
now I need to cut and do the recess
Scraper clipboard is now installed
abortion a new mold is this
i
the little flowers in place since the box
there was also her
fulfilling its function
here is the plunger, right or right
locks here prizes for there not
it's two locks
I will stay here at the point of art and then
I'll do
the valve is a hole coming out of here
I'm going to put a small sphere and
one more screw allen with the head
pierced to put a little oil
inside him
I can already see the return to everything being done
the shot is so beautiful
so now is the bottom right sign with your
respective cheek
the two doors and with the door and find
the door from here the tension of the hand
to the head if the end of the shaft
from the video now that I soon
can part 2
thanks for watching